Okay, Well, I don't think there's anything special or magical about psychology
courses as opposed to other types. Of course, is usually the
way that you do well, is that you make sure that you have enough time
to devote to the class so that you have enough time to study the
material. Um, if you are having problems understanding something, or
you just want to go over it again, take advantage of your professor's
office hours. All professors are required to have office hours,
so take advantage of those, um, personally, I think forming study groups
is a really helpful technique, but that's not necessarily true
for everybody. But if it is true for you, then you know, take the lead
and ask some fellow students if they want to form a study group that
could be really, really helpful and increase your chances of success